Corrections for Choreo Connect documentation (#4961)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/concepts/apim-as-control-plane.md

    - Download the latest [Choreo Connect release](https://github.com/wso2/product-microgateway/releases) and extract it to a folder of your choice. The extracted folder will be referred to as `CHOREO-CONNECT_HOME` here onwards.

>     - This guide assumes that you have already started the WSO2 API Manager instance. If not, download the latest [release](https://github.com/wso2/product-apim/releases) and follow the steps described in [here](https://github.com/wso2/product-apim#installation--running).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This guide assumes that you have already started the WSO2 API Manager instance. If not, download the latest [release](https://github.com/wso2/product-apim/releases) and follow the steps described [here](https://github.com/wso2/product-apim#installation--running).
```

In the `[controlPlane.eventHub]` section,

 - Set `enabled` to true

>  - Update `serviceUrl` and `eventHub` endpoints with with the IP of API Manager. (Search for `apim` and replace them with the IP. Or else, add an entry to the `/etc/hosts` file as `<ip-of-apim> apim`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Update `serviceUrl` and `eventHub` endpoints with the IP of API Manager. (Search for `apim` and replace them with the IP. Alternatively, add an entry to the `/etc/hosts` file as `<ip-of-apim> apim`)
```
